Cyclic dependency -> cyclic loading and define new load params for paper-plugin.yml (#138)
PaperMC/docs: docs/paper/admin/reference/paper-plugins.md

Paper plugins are added the same as Bukkit plugins, therefore, you can follow [this guide](docs/paper/admin/getting-started/adding-plugins.md)

### Cyclic Plugin Loading

With the introduction of Paper plugins, Paper introduces a new plugin loader that fixes some odd issues.
However, as a result, this now causes [cyclic loading](#cyclic-plugin-loading) between plugins to no longer be supported. 

![Cyclic Loading](assets/cyclic-loading.png)

> Cyclic loading are when a plugin loading causes a loop which eventually will cycle back to the original plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cyclic loading describes the phenomena when a plugin loading causes a loop which eventually will cycle back to the original plugin.
```
